---
title: v1.1.0 (date TBD)
weight: 1
---

## Authentication

### Account Registrations

It is now possible to disable account registrations. This is useful when you wish to avoid random people registering an account when the application is exposed to the internet.

To disable user accounts, set the **server.noSignups** option in the configuration file to `true`. For Docker users,
set the `RECIPYA_SERVER_NO_SIGNUPS` environment variable to `true`.

You will be able to manage your users from the `/admin` dashboard.

### Cookies

Fixed an issue where the *remember me* cookie did not work.

## Admin

An admin page accessible via the `/admin` endpoint has been started.

### Automatic Login

It is now possible to login automatically into the application. This is useful when user accounts are not needed. 

To enable this feature, set the **server.autologin** option in the configuration file to `true`. For Docker users, 
set the `RECIPYA_SERVER_AUTOLOGIN` environment variable to `true`.

A default account will be created on application start when no account has been
created yet. Its credentials are the following:
- **email**: admin@autologin.com
- **password**: admin

## Cookbooks

Fixed an issue where the user could not access their cookbooks.

Fixed an issue where a cookbook without recipes could be downloaded.

The name of cookbooks is now automatically adjusted to title case. It is now not possible to create a cookbook named
`best breakfast` when `Best Breakfast` exists because they have the same name.

Previously, the default recipes search mode was by name, meaning that your search query only searched the title
field of the recipes. Now, you can choose either **By name** or **Full search**.

## Data

### Backups & Restore

Application data is now backed up automatically every third day.
It is possible to restore a previous backup.

Please consult the [features tour](/guide/docs/features/backups) for more information.

### Directory

The database has been moved from `path/to/recipya/` to `path/to/recipya/data/backup/database/`. This change allows
Docker users to persist the application's data. Users do not have to take any action because the migration to the new folder 
is automatic on application startup.

### Jobs

The unreferenced images cleanup job now avoids deleting referenced cookbook images.

## Docker

Environment variables can now be passed through the `docker run` command and the `docker-compose` file.

## Infrastructure

Added a .devcontainer development environment. (document it)

Upgraded the Go version from 1.21 to 1.22. 

Updated all Go and NPM packages.

## Recipes

### Recipya Bookmarklet

The Recipya bookmarklet allows a user to run a JavaScript snippet from their browser that extracts a recipe from a webpage. 

It's for websites that both:
- can't be scraped via a server request, i.e. have something like captcha or bot detection
- that have json+ld recipe script snippets on their page

To get the bookmarklet:
1. Access `/recipes/add` 
2. Bookmark the `Recipya Bookmarklet` link in the `Import` card.

To use it:
1. Open a recipe webpage, e.g. [double banana nut bread](https://www.allrecipes.com/recipe/231961/double-banana-nut-bread/)
2. Click the bookmarklet
3. A JSON file is downloaded when it succeeds.

You can then import the extracted recipe from `Add recipe -> Import`.

### Import 

#### Text Files

It is now possible to import recipe text files in the `.txt` format. 
The text files should ideally be structured like the following:

```text
Title

Description

Metadata, like prep time, cooking time, total time, servings etc.

Ingredients list
Quantity | Measurement unit | Ingredient | Possibly some instructions

Instructions

Possibly an URL where the recipe was taken from
```

#### Websites

Bulk import URLs is now possible. To do so, access the dialog from *Add Recipe -> Website -> Fetch*. 
In the text area, paste your list of URLs, each on a new line and press *Submit*.

### Search

Search pagination has been implemented when searching for recipes and when searching for recipes to add to a cookbook.

You can now choose among the following search modes: 
- By name
- Full search

The default is full search.

### Sort

Recipes can now be sorted in the following ways:

- By name:
  - From A to Z
  - From Z to A
- By creation date:
  - From newest to oldest
  - From oldest to newest
- Random

The default is by order of insertion into the database.

## Reports

Reports are generated after importing recipes. They are accessible from the /reports endpoint.
Please consult the [features tour](/guide/docs/features/reports) for more information.

## Scraper

Added support for the following websites:
- ah.nl
- aberlehome.com
- argiro.gr
- bergamot.app
- brianlagerstrom.com
- foodbag.be
- foodnetwork.com
- livingthegreenlife.com
- moulinex.fr
- maangchi.com
- recipescommunity.com.au

## System

### Memory Usage

Cut memory usage by half by removing the dependency on [Boostport/mjml-go](https://github.com/Boostport/mjml-go).
During the profiling analysis of the heap, it was observed that the application retained an instance of the of *wazero* in memory.
Recognizing  this behavior as undesirable, the package has been removed. In its place, a `build:mjml` command was added 
to the `package.json` file to convert `.mjml` files to `.gohtml` during the build process.

Further reduce memory usage by approximately 10% by using [templ](https://github.com/a-h/templ) instead of storing `gohtml` templates in memory.

## UI/UX

The entire frontend has been revamped to accommodate any device and feature a cleaner, more beautiful design.

The recipe print layout has been improved.

## Updater

The software can now self-update when an update is available. You will notice a notification icon next to your avatar
when it's time to update.
