---
title: v1.2.0 (TBD)
weight: 1
---

## Cookbooks

### Index

Mobile view now displays two columns instead of one.

## Data

### Directory

The database has been moved from `path/to/recipya/data/backup/database/` to where user data is stored.
- Windows: `%APPDATA%\Recipya`
- Linux: `$XDG_CONFIG_HOME/Recipya`
- MacOS: `$HOME/Library/Application Support/Recipya`

Users do not have to take any action because the migration to the new folder is automatic on application startup.

{{< callout type="warning" >}}
__Docker users__: 
Please ensure to adjust your volume path to
`recipya-data:/root/.config/Recipya`.
{{< /callout >}}

### Logs

A logging mechanism has been introduced using [log/slog](https://pkg.go.dev/log/slog). The logs are stored 
under `%APPDATA%\Recipya\Logs`. Logs rotate once a log file's size reaches 500MB. Up to three log files are stored at a time.

## Recipes

### Import

It is now possible to import recipes from the following applications.
- Crouton
- Mealie
- Paprika
- Recipe Keeper
- RecipeSage

#### Crouton

Follow these steps to import your recipes from Crouton:

1. Export your recipes in `Crouton`.
2. Within Recipya, click the `Add recipe` button.
3. Click the `Import` button.
4. Select the exported `.zip` file.
5. Click `Submit`.

#### Mealie 

Follow these steps to import your recipes from a Mealie instance:

1. Go to the **Integrations** setting and select the **Mealie** option.
2. Click the button adjacent to the menu of options.
3. In the dialog that appears, enter the URL and credentials of a Mealie instance.
4. Click the **Import** button.

#### Paprika

Follow these steps to import recipes from Paprika.

1. [Export](https://www.paprikaapp.com/help/windows/#exportrecipes) your Paprika recipes in the `Paprika Recipe Format`.
2. Within Recipya, click the `Add recipe` button.
3. Click the `Import` button.
4. Select your `.paprikarecipes` file. You may also zip many `.paprikarecipes` together and select the resulting file.
5. Click `Submit`.

#### Recipe Keeper

Follow these steps to import recipes from Recipe Keeper.

1. Access the settings within Recipe Keeper.
2. Go to the `Import/Export` tab.
3. Click the `Recipe Keeper .zip file` button at the top.
4. Save the file.
5. Within Recipya, click the `Add recipe` button.
6. Click the `Import` button.
7. Select the zip file you saved.
8. Click `Submit`.

#### RecipeSage

Follow these steps to import recipes from RecipeSage.

1. Export your [RecipeSage](https://docs.recipesage.com/docs/tutorials/settings/export/) recipes in the `JSON-LD` format.
2. Within Recipya, click the `Add recipe` button.
3. Click the `Import` button.
4. Select the exported file.
5. Click `Submit`.

#### Tandoor

Follow these steps to import your recipes from a Tandoor instance:

1. Go to the **Integrations** setting and select the **Tandoor** option.
2. Click the adjacent button.
3. In the dialog that appears, enter the URL and credentials of a Tandoor instance.
4. Click the **Import** button.

### Index

Mobile view now displays two columns instead of one.

### View 

Fix missing closing parenthesis to the first column header of the nutrition table.

## Settings

Added the ability to change most of the fields in the configuration file from the UI under the settings page.
